hi this is it 16 for the jury game
channel and this is a preview of take on
the copter a flight simulator x Bohemia
Interactive it's actually done with the
arm engine but it's much different from
our map because the focus of this game
is to be a flight simulator so that
means that it render a huge area and
there's a lot of details but of course
that doesn't aim at being as detail as a
first person shooter but in terms of
flight simulator if you compare that to
everything else in the domain this game
is pretty much the best looking flight
simulator out there and of course that
puts you in Seattle and they recruited
Seattle in great details of course that
doesn't mean all the buildings might
look like the real thing but I think
they really did a great job at giving
you the feeling that it is Seattle and
actually it's clear that the map is a
satellite picture up to a certain point
so that means that all the street and
all the buildings they are like the real
thing so as you can see you really feel
like you're in seattle and this is
pretty much the most impressive game on
that aspect that I ever saw because it's
just amazing to fly through buildings
skyscraper and do acrobatic stuff in
that kind of environment it's much
cooler than most flight sim because in
most flights him only a few major
buildings are rendered usually and it's
really rare that you actually have that
amount of buildings rendered so this
game really does push the flight
simulator gender further with the great
length of details and this is really
awesome so what I'm showing in this
mission it's a time trial and the goal
is to reach the end
in less than two minutes to get the gold
score and as you can see that create
many challenging Pat then it's a lot of
fun and you end up competing with
yourself so I'll make more videos of
this game because I think this is a
pretty unusual game and I think it's
really at the front watch